+++
# An example of using the custom widget to create your own homepage section.
# To create more sections, duplicate this file and edit the values below as desired.

date = "2016-04-20T00:00:00"
draft = false

title = "Curriculum Vitae"
subtitle = ""
widget = "custom"

# Order that this section will appear in.
weight = 30

+++
## Laboratories of Nai-Kong Cheung & Morgan Huse
*Engineering of a highly potent scFv bispecific antibody (scBA) against GD2*

A T-cell engaging scBA was developed using the hu3F8 variable region sequence. It was compared to a previously developed anti-GD2 scBA (5F11 scBA) both *in vitro* and *in vivo*. Despite an only 13-fold improvement in affinity we saw an over 1000-fold increase in *in vitro* potency (cytotoxicity) and very significant differences in *in vivo* potency (tumor shrinkage). This work suggests small increases in affinity can drive substantial increases in *in vitro* and *in vivo* efficacy, while keeping the epitope or antigen the same.

*Development of a novel drug delivery platform*


*Characterization of bispecific mAbs in syngeneic mouse models*

## Laboratory of Susan Moir
*An Evaluation of B cells in patients with CGD*

B cells were isolated from patients with chronic granulomatous disease [(CGD)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chronic_granulomatous_disease), a hereditary disease of the NADPH pathway, as well as healthy donors. B cells were analyzed functionally (ELISPOT) and by surface markers (FACS). Previously it has been shown that despite having significantly lower absolute counts of CD27(+) B cells in the serum, patients with CGD still were able to produce comparable antibody responses to vaccination to healthy donors. In this evaluation, we showed that CGD patients contain a much larger proportion of CD27(-) memory B cells IgG(+) than healthy donors, and that these cells contain at least some of the anti-influenza B-cells that were generated by vaccination. This finding provides some explanation as to why CGD patients can mount relatively normal antibody-dependent vaccine responses, suggesting that non-classical memory B cells CD27(-)IgG(+) can contain a significant proportion of anti-influenza humoral response. 

## Laboratory of Eva Harris

## Fellowships
Institution|Fellowship|Year
---|---|---
GSK Graduate School|Grayer Fellow|2015-16
NIH|IRTA Fellow|2011-13
UC Berkeley|Genentech Fellow|2010

## Awards
Institution|Award|Year
----|----|---
GSK Graduate School|Travel Award|2017
GSK Graduate School|Travel Award|2015
